Raffles and his disciples used the flame bestowed by the great Sol
and the technology cultivated by mankind to create "Amaterasu."
The sacred flame of Amaterasu benefits the lives of mankind,
and ended up establishing the foundation of a state in the Far East.
Please stop that, already!
That has precious memories for Vulcan-san of his father!
Don't break it!
I decided to listen in on the bug I planted on Iris, and what do you know?
Ker-runch!
Captain Hibana!
Hold still. I'm going to untie you.
Please hurry! The workshop is in danger!
Maybe I'll just carry you back like this.
Huh?
I really should have taken him back with me.
Another one?
Arthur, status?!
Shinra, get to the workshop!
I found it. You hid it in this piece of junk.
Vulcan, now I just have to dispose of you.
I'm Put-the-Damn-Masked-Nose-Out-of-Joint Man!
What the hell are you doing to our engineer?!
Shinra-san!
Lisa-san, why...?
Are you okay, Vulcan? Can you move?
I got hit by flames... I still can't move on my own yet...
Shinra Kusakabe... How did you get out of that?
No matter. I'll just dispose of these pests and capture you again.
You let someone approach the workshop, huh?
Damn it, what a hassle.
My shimmers? Yes, unlike that fellow who went to the workshop,
someone who tries to take on every attack would be pestered by them.
Just keep letting my illusions distract you.
Warmer air becomes lighter, while colder air becomes heavier.
Shimmers are false images created by density variations in the air.
Which means that if I add enough heat to blow those variations away,
the images will naturally disappear.
Impostors! Scatter like fruitless blossoms before my flowers!
I'm on your side... Gravel is the same all over.
Shinra excluded.
Rise, Fishing Fire!
Wrap his body up!
These flames...
My flames are magnetic.
They latch on to the faint magnetic fields living things produce.
Shinra-san!
"Our forest friends will come shooting out!!"
Sister, hit the buttons on the wall!
Látom.
--Látom. --Látom.
Good, Sister! Keep hitting them at random!
Látom!
Látom.
Látom! Látom!
Everything you made is pointless.
Látom! Látom! Látom! Látom! Látom! Látom!
Látom!
I'm starting to feel faint from the heat...
Writhe around on the ground, gravel!
Are those... Did the sister start up again?
Machines, you see, have a mild magnetic field.
I figure that if you get enough of them together,
they could easily get mixed in with the normal magnetic fields of people.
It actually worked.
I got careless. I can't keep up with him with all this gear.
Contrary to the report, nothing here has been taken care of.
Again?
Are you the one who just Linked with me?
"Episode 17: Black and White and Gray"
You're Sho, right? Sho?
Y-You're my little brother, aren't you?
You and I could be brothers!
No, we definitely are! Sho! It's you, right?!
You and I, brothers?
Oh, you're crazy adorable, too!
Watch out for this ultra-handsome young man, everyone!
What are you, an angel? Huh? That's my brother!
Sho-kun, you're a full-on angel!
I can finally keep my promise to Mom now.
No matter what happens, Sho, I'll keep you safe. I'm in your corner.
I see.
This is what the Evangelist meant by "you'll know him when you meet him."
This man is my older brother.
This is so hard to describe.
My only feelings are of disgust.
When did he...?
Man with the Adolla Burst, you're coming with us.
Shinra!
Amazing. You actually reacted.
Arthur!
What is that he's been doing?
I can't follow... Sho's swordsmanship.
Retrieve only the one with the Adolla Burst; dispose of the others.
--As you command. --As you command.
Where is the item?
I have obtained the key to Amaterasu.
Shinra, get in!
Looks like you're no worse for wear.
Inspector Licht!
Lisa, come on!
He's fast. How did he do that?
You're not getting away. Leave the man with the Adolla Burst here.
What a pity.
You can't have him yet.
The hero arrives.
Sho! I swear I'll come back for you! I swear it!
You must be Joker.
Oh, I guess I've gotten famous.
Whoo, that's enough to make even me uneasy.
Do not interfere with us.
It's no fun allowing either the Fire Force or you guys to do as you please.
It looks like they got away.
There's no point in me staying here now.
Not so much as an Adolla Link...
What a monster.
Captain Obi...
Yes, sir, I checked the injured from the workshop into the hospital.
The workshop is half-destroyed, and we went up against the White-Clad.
Dr. Giovanni is a traitor.
I also met someone who may be my brother.
Vulcan... ...may still be targeted by the enemy.
We'll stay with him now.
We'll wait here for you to pick us up and join you then, sir.
"Operating"
Vulcan, would you mind coming to the 8th with us for now?
I think that's the safest thing for you right now.
Yeah... Okay, sure.
Thanks.
I didn't want for you to come like this.
I wanted to welcome you in as our official engineer.
Even with Arthur along, we weren't able to keep you and Yu protected.
I really am sorry.
Your response was fast.
It's my fault for not listening to you.
You don't have anything to apologize for.
Yu may be tiny, but he's tougher than he looks.
And Lisa really isn't...
There's nothing in the world that can't be fixed.
So Yu's not gonna die, and I'll bring Lisa back around.
I'll put the whole world back the way it was.
What about you? You must be pretty broken up about your brother.
Don't worry about me.
I don't think of myself as the only one who has it bad.
This is how the world is, for all of us.
Vulcan, you aren't alone.
I'll work with you as hard as I can to make your dream come true.
Don't forget that.
Thanks, man.
Actually, how is it that you showed up when you did?
Oh, you know. They were so late getting back. I just came looking for them.
Or maybe you're the one who brought the Evangelist's goons with you!
Ridiculous. That's not true.
In fact, it's because I came along that everyone was saved, right?
Any funny moves, and I'll stomp you flat beyond repair!
Arthur's wound was...
...unfortunately not as deep as I imagined.
Soon after, Yu was out of the woods.
Vulcan ended up taking refuge at the 8th, under Captain Obi.
Sho really was serving under the Evangelist.
But I swear I'll bring him back.
I will keep my promise to Mom, whatever it takes.
I'm so sorry about this!
Our rookies weren't too disrespectful of you, I hope? Dum-dum and Dum-dum?
No, we weren't.
No, no.
If anything, I was the one who was rude to them.
Supper is ready.
You had dinner duty tonight?
No, the lieutenant made it, due to our unexpected guest.
For real? Yes!
Hey, what's that supposed to mean?
You can guess, Tamaki.
What was that?! G-Guess?!
Wow! Thank you for this food!
I'm starving!
Don't take my stuff!
Where were you when the workshop was under attack?
Oh, that? Dr. Giovanni managed to get the jump on me.
Don't let that happen!
Like you were so perfect fighting them!
--Of course I was! I wasn't going to let Silver's sacrifice be in vain.
--Sorry about all the commotion. --Of course I was! I wasn't going to let Silver's sacrifice be in vain.
--Nah, I spent all my time in the workshop, so I'm used to noise. --Of course I was! I wasn't going to let Silver's sacrifice be in vain.
--Nah, I spent all my time in the workshop, so I'm used to noise. --What is "Silver"?!
--Nah, I spent all my time in the workshop, so I'm used to noise. --The point is, I'm taking that meat of yours!
--Keep it quiet! We have company! --That doesn't even make sense!
--Keep it quiet! We have company! --Just give it to me!
--Keep it quiet! We have company! --Shut up--
Stop looking at me.
I'm not taking it anymore.
Yum!
It's a good day whenever Lieutenant Hinawa has dinner duty.
I'm liable to overeat.
We should do better, too.
The lieutenant out-girlies us.
Did you get enough? There's more where that came from.
Is it always like this here?
Well, yeah, right now, with Tamaki's lucky lecher lure inactive,
it's a little better than usual.
Lecher lure...?
This... isn't really what I was expecting.
Vulcan-kun, maybe you heard this from Shinra already,
but our objective at the 8th is to save the world and its people.
I like to think I'm well aware of your family's rules...
...but do you feel like joining the 8th?
You're free to decline, of course.
We'll still ensure your safety from here on.
So I want you to consider this openly and honestly.
What did Vulcan come back to his workshop for?
He probably left something behind there.
He said something about making a clean break.
If he does become our engineer, that would be fantastic.
Yeah it would.
Pop, Granddad, here's your usual soda.
I don't know if you're watching me, but the Fire Force is taking me in.
I know you're not wild about it. I mean, the outfit is affiliated with Haijima.
Am I out of the family?
I mean, our family promise was to never give any help to the Fire Force.
Maybe it's our family curse for birthing Amaterasu.
Everything and anything that's precious to me gets broken.
I have to build something that doesn't break, no matter what.
That's what restoring the world and bringing the animals back was about.
I thought I could do it all by myself.
Now there's Yu, and Lisa, and this guy who told me I'm not alone.
I'm sorry, Pop, Granddad.
I'm breaking my promise.
"To be continued"
Cleaning time!
Let's get cleaning!
From here to here is your part, okay? Don't come anywhere near me!
No, Kusakabe, you stay away from me!
What's this?
I arranged it to make it more user-friendly.
The old, drab church looks a little better now, right?
I got permission from the captain.
Oh, that's kind of nice, isn't it?
Nice, sir? You mean, that skull?
Even among the Special Fire Force, we're in the position of outsiders,
so this is pretty rocking and cool!
Látom.
I'm going to keep expecting more from you, Devil.
I'm not a devil, sir, I'm a hero!
I think they're both pretty cool.
Látom.
"Next time"
"Episode 18: The Secrets of Pyrokinesis"